Write a blog post reflecting on the content and questions below:

How does language affect the brain?
    from the podcast, I realized that words and language change our human brain. It makes us smarter rather than
    any other living species on this planet by our ability to speak, read and write.
    It develops our brain to a different level.

If language changes what our brain is capable of thinking, how might learning to program change how we think?
    Definitely, programming is basically learning and dealing with computer language. If learning and speaking a human
    language could change our mind and capability, programming and writing would changes the way we think even more.

Have you noticed how you think changing? If you have, is it for better or worse?
    I think since i start writing code and thinking programmatically, I develop a different mindset.
    I start to think and consider more things that I used to not matter, I spend more time thinking and making decision,
    Those are great improvement.


How might programming language choice change how you think? Could it affect what problems you can
solve and how you approach solving problems?
    We are currently learning and being more comfortable with modern programming language compared to
    programmers who used to learn more computer native language such as C and C++. And I think there is
    different between what we learn and what we know now to what programmers who has learn basic C language
    do. I do not have a specific example, but i can see how people has different way thinking, behavior
    customs from  their language and nativity.

Could your editor affect your ability to think/program?
  Yes, first of all I will say is about the result. We now can see/have the different result
  from what people used to do when they write on newspaper and books where theres more to struggle
  to produce the material so people can have and read it. Now we are into better editor, computer for example,
  where everyone can write their thoughts and share it easily. Anyone could be as much expressive as they want.

  But, as a response to the video in the blog post, I start to realize that we are all also being imprisoned by our
  editor or medium to express our thoughts, where it is static and limited at some point for example, it is has to be in
  certain format of text, sound, or picture to be presented by our current medium.

How might the medium in which you program affect your programs and thoughts?
  The simpler and easier to use medium could simplify our process of expressing our thoughts, so that
  we have more ability, efficiency and power to think of our programs and thoughts instead of
 dealing with the medium itself.

When you are finished writing, remember to proof-read for spelling mistakes and
grammatical errors and add your post to lib/blog_post.txt. Save, then run your testing suite
and make sure it passes. Finally, add, commit, and submit a pull request, just as you would a typical lab.
